Take 1:

I was born in the Chicagoland area and have lived there all the way until college where I chose Purdue University 
in West Lafayette, IN. I grew up with a love for science and technology so it felt natural choosing engineering 
as my field, and more specifically computer engineering. Recently, I had the opportunity to explore computer 
engineering at Burns & McDonnell where, among other things, I designed an API using Visual Basic for Applications 
to integrate an existing control software with a separate SQL reporting system server. I was also given the chance 
to create a presentation and fly out to the job-site to present the solution to the client. Aside from my internship 
experiences, I am very involved in clubs at Purdue like ML@Purdue and IEEE (Purdue Aerial Robotics Team) where I am
continuing to build my experience in Python, Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc. I have developed a huge passion for machine 
learning and artificial intelligence, and my goal is to continue learning both on my own and through the resources 
provided to me at Purdue and through future professional opportunities. If there is one thing you should take away 
from me, its that I am a determined learner, and I will stop at nothing to dive into a new topic and figure it out.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Take 2:

I am a college student eager to learn and consume information through experiences, projects, schoolwork,
and any other opportunity that presents itself to further my knowledge in computer and software engineering.

I was born in the suburbs of Chicago where I spent my entire life up until I began attending Purdue University as
a Computer Engineering student in the Elmore Family School of Electrical and Computer Engineering. Growing up I
developed a huge love for engineering and technology through my father who raised me to analyze every situation
and idea from the ground up. From a young age, I grew a passion for serving and helping the community, so I became
involved in multiple organizations including my local church, a local food shelter, an overnight summer camp, and
various other opportunities. Aside from service, I involved myself in multiple clubs in high school which paved the
road for me to become involved in many college clubs and opportunities. At Purdue, I am a part of the IEEE as a whole
and specifically the Purdue Aerial Robotics Team of IEEE, along with ML@Purdue, and I currently work as a
teaching assistant for Purdue's Milestones Certification programs and classes. In my professional career, I have had
2 internships with Christ Community Church and Burns & McDonnell, where I gained substantial experience in a variety
of fields ranging from leadership and team building to software development, project planning, and situational
decision making. I am looking forward to continuing my professional and personal career, and cannot wait for what
is in store for my future!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

